Add documentation about new Application Keys UI and Permissions (#9286)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/rbac/permissions.md

| `user_access_manage`         | Grants the permission to disable users, manage user roles and SAML-to-role mappings. | false    |
| `user_access_invite`         | Allows users to invite other users to your organization.                             | false    |

> ## API and Application Keys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## API and application keys
```

> Find below the list of permissions for API and Application Keys:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following permissions are available for API and application keys:
```

| Name                    | Description                                                                                     | Scopable |
| ----------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |

> | `user_app_keys`         | Grants users the ability to create, view and manage Application Keys owned by the user.         | false    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `user_app_keys`         | Grants the user the ability to create, view, and manage application keys they own.         | false    |
```

> | `org_app_keys_read`     | Grants users the ability to list Application Keys owned by all users in the organization.       | false    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `org_app_keys_read`     | Grants the user the ability to list application keys owned by all users in the organization.       | false    |
```

> | `org_app_keys_write`    | Grants users the ability to manage Application Keys owned by all users in the organization.     | false    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `org_app_keys_write`    | Grants the user the ability to manage application keys owned by all users in the organization.     | false    |
```
